RF(DX): move tests deps under "dev" extra deps (#304)
dandi/dandi-api: README.md

### Initial Setup
tox is used to execute all tests.
tox is installed automatically with the `dev` package extra.

> To install tox's dependencies into your environment, run `pip install -e .[test]`.

Reviewer: > To install tox's dependencies

Strictly speaking, installing the `[test]` extra will only install the dependencies for the `test` Tox environment. Tox has other environments which are part of the development cycle, including `lint` and `format`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To install the tox pytest dependencies into your environment, run `pip install -e .[test]`.
```
